There's no good way
to say this, so I'll put it plain.
Your wife died in the early hours
of this morning.
Don't look at me like that,
like you're a lost puppy.
Oh, shit, Shadow.
No-one told you?
My lucky coin.
Do you believe
in the afterlife?
You rot.
When you die, you rot.
I love you, puppy.
It's not
always gonna be tails.
It had been
a hard journey east
across the land bridge
from Siberia.
Freezing and dark,
and it had taken a bitter toll.
After the custom
of her people...
..Atsula spoke
her baby's name...
Aputi.
.. for the final time.
Her daughter would never see
the new land
to which they travelled.
They did not travel alone.
Their god came with them.
Nunyunnini.
But when they reached
the new lands...
.. the promised food
was nowhere to be found.
Atsula communed
with Nunyunnini...
.. for the barriers
were thinner then
between people and their gods.
And Nunyunnini spoke.
And he showed her what to do,
as he had once shown
her grandmother
and her grandmother's
grandmother.
Nunyunnini loved His people,
as they loved Him.
And so it pained Him
to tell her
that escape from
the cold embrace of starvation
would come at a terrible price.
The gods are great.
But people are greater.
For it is in their hearts
that gods are born.
And to their hearts
that they return.
Gods live and gods die.
And soon enough...
..Nunyunnini was entirely...
.. forgotten.
Hi, puppy.
Hey...
..baby.
What the fuck
are you doing here?
I'm cold, puppy.
I was just seeing
if you were real.
I'm real.
Here.
Come sit by me.
You know, we got some
unresolved issues to discuss.
You and Robbie?
Yes.
Yes. There is that.
Uh, there's also the miracle
of me sitting here posthumously.
I mean, that's a pretty
significant thing
for us to discuss too
and to appreciate.
Maybe we should take a moment
and do that.
No.
You rising from the dead?
It's about par
for the fucking course
since I left prison, OK?
So don't think that anything
you got to say or do,
including dying,
is going to distract
from the subject at hand.
OK, you want to know
about me and Robbie?
- Yeah.
- To what degree?
I mean, do you want
to know everything?
Or do you want to know
the broad strokes, so to speak?
Why don't you start telling me
and I will tell you
when to stop?
I wasn't lying when I said
that I could wait for you
at the time that I said it.
I sort of knew that it had
the potential of being a lie,
but I was giving myself
the benefit of the doubt
that there was a version
of events
where it wouldn't be a lie.
You were in prison, Shadow.
How long did you wait?
13 months.
Baker's year.
Why did you have to fuck Robbie?
Well, I wasn't going to do it,
and then I was going to do it,
and then I wasn't
going to do it,
and then it felt really good
having not done it, and then...
..the cat died...
..and, um...
..Robbie came over
and, you know, wine.
You know
what they say about grief.
Next to every cemetery
is a motel.
Once we did it,
we'd already done it,
and there was no undoing it.
Were you going to leave me
for him?
For Robbie? Please.
Why would I do that?
You're my puppy.
I love you.
I...
So...
What happened?
The night you were killed,
what...what happened?
Um...
So, anyway, we were driving.
And he was upset.
And so I decided to give him
a little goodbye blowjob,
you know?
One last time with feeling.
And so I unzipped his pants.
- Big mistake.
- Yeah. No shit.
Um, he swerved,
and there was a big crunch,
and the world started
to roll and spin.
And I thought...
..fuck.
I'm going to die.
I mean, really, I was very blah
about the whole thing.
I wasn't scared.
I remember that.
Then I was...
..somewhere.
And then...
..I was in a box.
Puppy, do you think
that you could possibly
get me a cigarette?
I think it might calm my nerves.
Might calm yours as well.
Laura?
I'm in here, puppy.
I thought it might be nice
if I were warm to the touch,
in the event that you were
thinking of touching me.
Or kissing me.
I don't want you
kissing cold lips.
What?
Normally, people who die
tend to stay in their graves,
that's what.
Do they really, puppy?
I mean, I used to think so too,
but now I'm not so sure.
Maybe.
Yeah, what is it?
Whoa, whoa, whoa. Slow down.
What?!
Can't taste it.
This is not doing anything,
nerve-wise or otherwise.
Want to put that on my finger?
When I called you,
the last time...
..I had a feeling I was never
going to see you again.
I think I knew
you were going to die.
I had this feeling in my stomach
that something was wrong.
There is a big storm rolling
across the country right now,
and nothing feels OK.
This feels OK.
You and me...
..it can.
I'm sure there are some things
about our marriage
that we're going
to have to work on.
What? Like...you being dead?
I tasted that.
I felt that.
I just... I felt something.
It felt like...like alive.
Do I feel alive?
Yeah.
Good.
You know...
I don't really know much more now
than I did when I was alive,
and I think whatever I know now
that I didn't know then,
I can't even really
put into words.
But I do know that I love you.
I mean, I had to die
to know just how much, but...
..I really do.
You know,
you've gotten yourself mixed up
in some really weird shit,
Shadow.
I'm watching out for you.
Thank you for my present,
by the way.
What present?
My coin.
Yeah, I know someone
looking for that coin.
Well, they can't have it.
It's mine now.
Are you still my puppy?
No. I'm not.
Still awake?
I think so.
Yeah, me too. Can't sleep.
Recent events have conspired
against us both.
And I need a drink.
A man can admit that, huh?
Yeah, uh, I just really
want to go to bed.
- Put the day behind me.
- Come on. One drink.
Well, that's a lie.
Five, six drinks.
- Look, now isn't the time.
- Hmm?
Shadow.
You must have questions,
and if you don't, you should.
What is that smell?
What is it?
Cat piss and oven cleaner?
I do... I do have questions.
Hey, I'm making a list,
a long list.
But right now,
I just need to wrap my head
around what I've seen.
I see you've seen something.
Hands where I can see them.
Now.
My hands are right here, ma'am.
Didn't take long.
Parole officer says
you've been out all of six days.
- What's this about, ma'am?
- You're under arrest, genius.
May I ask what for?
Bank robbery.
Fuck.
Why, you pretty thing, you.
- ♪ Oh-oh-oh... ♪
- What?
You have an image problem.
You need to think about
your brand,
how you want the world
to see you,
how you want Mr World
to see you.
Tasked with asking
a few questions,
you hang a black man
from a tree.
You've got your transmission
and your live wire,
but your circuit's dead.
He was fucking with me.
I told him not to fuck with me.
Take a look at you,
beating up the wrong guy.
You're a good kid, just not good
with people you don't know.
Apologise.
Please pass on my sincerest
apologies to Mr World.
Mr World doesn't want
your apology.
He would, however,
like to re-gift your apology
to Wednesday
and his man Shadow Moon.
♪ Oh-oh-oh... ♪
Are you fucking with me
right now?
Mr World expects your apology
to be every bit as authentic
as if you were apologising
to him directly.
He's letting the old fuck
get away with it.
There is a terror in knowing
what Mr World is about.
Wednesday was suffocating.
The spark was smouldering.
And then you came along,
putting out fire with gasoline.
Wednesday's collecting monsters.
Fucking Pokémon.
He's recruiting.
Martyrdom is a popular
recruitment tool.
And now we have to pluck
the fuse out of the fucker
before the whole thing
blows up in our faces.
♪ Oh-oh-oh... ♪
Apologise.
You're delusional
if you think he's letting go
of whatever it is
he's holding on to
with a little apology from me.
That is one
mass fucking delusion.
Mass delusions
are as old as I am.
I was there when the Martians
invaded in 1938.
What a panic.
Powerful panic.
Now there are starmen
waiting in the sky.
They believed it was true,
and it was.
- ♪ Oh-oh-oh... ♪
- Not everyone believed.
Not everyone had to.
Just enough.
That's all Mr Wednesday needs -
just enough.
Maybe just one.
♪ Oh-oh-oh
♪ Oh-oh-oh. ♪
Your boss doesn't seem
to have an ID, record,
somehow even a name.
You had all those, Mr Moon.
Record especially.
Lawyer.
Didn't catch that.
You're probably asking yourself
about now how it came to pass
that two country-fried police
even found you at that motel
for a crime committed over -
count 'em - two state lines.
It's a good story. Just ask.
Lawyer, please.
Hmm.
I thought maybe you were going
to say something different.
So this guy Moon
robbed you?
He stole me.
From the, uh, Aged Oaks
Retirement Home where you live?
- What Oaks?
- Mm-hm.
Yeah.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
There's no sand there.
I live on a beach.
I always have.
We like to go fishing,
me and the boys, you know?
My wife hates it, though.
She...she loves fish.
Loves wine. Hates fishing.
Uh, why don't we start
with your name, huh?
Madam Life's a piece in bloom.
Death goes dogging everywhere.
She's the tenant of the room.
He's the ruffian on the stair.
Look, I get it.
You're a week out of jail.
You meet some old grifter
who seems to know his way around.
The guy offers a job,
a chance to learn.
But I think this boss of yours
pissed off
some big-time bombers.
And whether you realise it
or not,
you're about to get hit
by the shrapnel.
Lawyer.
Ah.
What were you doing in Chicago?
You wouldn't believe me
if I told you.
- Try me.
- Chicago.
Honest answers only.
If you can manage.
God's honest.
I was recruiting a tired
but still vital god of death
into a war against the new gods
who very rightly fear Him
as much as they should fear me
but don't yet.
You're not dumb.
Might even be smart.
I get that, and I respect that.
In every other case, you'd be doing
what experience advises.
Now, the reason
I take pause here,
the reason I'm hoping you will break
from the natural script
is that this is, I suspect,
suspect strongly,
this is not the average case.
So...take a moment to consider
answering my next question
before saying what you're
going to say anyway, OK?
Does your boss have enemies?
Lawyer.
The reason I ask is because
some anonymous tip
dropped you right in our laps,
boxed up with a bow.
But not the usual "Hey, I saw
someone who looked like the guy
"on 'America's Most Wanted'
at the Carl's Jr drive-thru."
This was, uh,
I'm going to say different.
I got a goddamn fax on a machine
that hasn't been turned on in,
I don't know,
since fax machines.
And this fax gave us
your precise location,
GPS coordinates, make,
model, mileage,
even VIN number of your Caddy.
Now, much as I'd get accolades
if we collar you two
for the bank bullshit,
it's nowhere near
as big or as interesting
as what is suggested
by the details.
Now, you help me unpack those,
I may just help get you
out of here.
You have my attention.
Now, the leprechaun,
he's been against all this
from the get-go,
but he's at a disadvantage
being as he is a fucking idiot.
Now, Nancy,
he comes at all of this
from a specific vantage
of the bitterly dispossessed,
which normally I would take
with a grain,
but I have to admit,
having seen the rope burns
around my friend's neck...
So, imagine, two rural police,
middle of wild turkey season,
and the same company
whose tech found Osama
is dropping two no-name grifters
in our lap.
You two have
very extravagant enemies.
Lawyer?
What's the ask?
Uh, you got me curious.
I'd like to know what you know.
I don't think you do.
I'm a big girl.
I make my own mistakes.
- You offering me something?
- Might be.
I want to walk out of here soon.
Got somewhere to be?
Prison Bureau says...
..your wife just passed away.
D.A. can be persuaded
to look leniently on that.
Losing a wife...
It's got to be complicated.
You're the wife.
You're the dead wife.
Give me my fucking coin,
dead wife.
You mean MY fucking coin.
The dead can't own things.
That's why God made
last wills and testaments.
Don't imagine yours
includes my lucky coin.
Oh! Ohh! Oh!
- My lucky coin, Ginger Minge.
- Fuck!
My husband gave that coin to me.
Damn his dark eyes.
Gave it a-fucking-way.
It wasn't his to give!
I gave him the wrong coin.
Wasn't meant to be that coin.
That's for royalty, see?
That's a coin you give to
the King of America himself,
not some piss-ant bastard
like your piece-of-shit husband.
Just give me
my fucking coin back!
No.
You'll never see me again
if you do.
I swear to fucking Bran, OK?
I swear by the years I spent
in the fucking trees.
Give me my coin, cunt!
Ohh!
I'm going to ask you
some questions
and I'd like for you
to answer me honestly.
However, if I feel like
you're not being honest,
I'm going to kick you
in the nuts.
I want you to know that the last time
I kicked a guy in the nuts,
my foot didn't stop until
it reached his throat, OK?
How do you know my husband?
I was told to be at a bar.
Pick a fight with your man.
Said he wanted to see
what your man was made of.
Who said?
- Use your words.
- Uhh! Grimnir!
The dude he calls Wednesday.
Fuck!
He's a god.
- You don't believe me?
- No, no.
Just processing.
Um, what else
did God tell you to do?
You shouldn't trust him -
Grimnir.
- Wednesday.
- Don't trust him.
- Don't have to trust him.
- Your man does and he shouldn't.
Listen, just give me
my fucking coin back, yeah?
Hey. There's more
where that came from.
I'll give you another.
Just as good.
Hell.
I'll give you a shitload.
Just as good?
Just as good.
Hmm.
I don't really feel
like any of those coins
are going to do the job
that my coin's doing.
You can't take it, can you?
I have to give it
to you freely.
- Right?
- Right.
Well, you're fucked.
I'm not going to give it to you.
Come on.
I don't think you're ever
going to get your coin back.
Never ever ever.
Not ever.
Not not ever.
Meat's going to slide off you
sooner or later, dead wife.
Sooner if you keep soaking it
in hot water.
All that connective tissue
holding you together.
That's going to liquefy.
You'll find yourself
on a hot, humid summer day
just cooking in that moist heat.
And you're going to fall
right off the bone.
When you do, I'm going
to reach up under those ribs,
and I'm going to pluck that coin
out of you like a berry.
Argh!
Freeze! Hands up!
She ain't dead! She ain't dead.
See?
Oh, you're an asshole.
You're a fucking asshole,
dead wife!
You're a fucking
asshole, dead wife!
You're an asshole, dead wife!
He's loyal.
So, you two talk about
whatever you need to talk about.
Then I want to hear it.
I have nothing to talk about.
Hmm.
Something to talk about now?
I'll leave you two to it.
What the fuck are you doing?
If we don't get
out of here soon,
they'll be carrying out
a couple of corpses.
Those photographs are
a particular god's-eye view
of the world.
- OK, how'd you do that?
- See that little spider?
He's a friend of mine.
That cop was right, wasn't she?
Someone big is after you.
You're afraid.
I thought you weren't afraid
of anything.
Who are you?
Who's after you?
Who's after you?!
Someone you don't want
to let see your face
until you're ready to be seen.
'I Love Lucy'?
How the fuck are you floating?
Happy birthday, Mr President.
No. No, no, no.
You...you...you're TV.
You...you...you're
black and white.
I'm as colourful
as the story I'm telling.
This one's filmed
in glorious Technicolor.
Full-colour pin-up
to film legend to murdered.
Oh, don't believe what they say
about an accidental overdose.
Last thing I saw from the floor
of my Brentwood bungalow
was a CIA spook jabbing a needle
into my eyeball,
lest I tell Kennedy
tales unwanted.
Oh! Oooh! Oh!
Isn't that delicious?
We have no business with you.
Not at the moment.
We want to change that.
It's just as easy
to fall in love
with a rich man as a poor man.
No, no, no, no, no.
This isn't real. OK?
This is reality reprogrammed, right?
Tell me this isn't real.
Mr Wednesday.
Overdue.
I have to start with an apology.
I've been remiss.
I should have reached out
to you ages ago.
But to be honest,
I didn't see you,
not clearly,
not like this here
now in person.
You are huge.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
Have we met?
Do not talk to him.
Do not say a word.
Do not tell him anything.
You don't have to.
I already know you.
No, you don't.
Sure I do.
You're a person.
I know people,
everything about all of them.
You have a name - Shadow Moon.
You have a blood type
and a recurring nightmare.
B-positive
and an orchard of bones.
You prefer Swiss to cheddar
and can't abide the tines
of two forks touching.
And this is the face you make
when you masturbate.
The same as your mother,
who had 86 sexual partners
throughout her life.
Everything that happens
is recorded
and stored and recalled.
The Book of Life.
Right. Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Is he still sulking?
I'm sorry...
..for lynching you.
Hanged a dark-skinned man.
Ugh!
Was in very poor taste.
We're in a weird, tense place
racially in America,
and I don't want to add
to that climate of hatred.
Would you like to hit him a bit?
Knock out his front teeth?
No.
I'm glad that we have this
behind us.
Like a Renaissance pope,
I absolve you. You may sit.
You have something to say
to the man.
Technology's evolving.
We're all evolving.
It would be an honour, sir,
to evolve with you.
I can help you.
I want to help you
influence opinions, behaviours,
beliefs like never before.
We want to help you
find your audience.
You see?
We're not here to fight.
So you're offering a truce.
A truce implies
that we were ever at war.
You might have been
but I wasn't.
No, not a truce.
A...
- A merger.
- Yes.
A merger!
Like champagne and potato chips.
Have you ever dipped
a potato chip into champagne?
It's real crazy, you know?
Wouldn't you like an upgrade?
A brand-new lemon-scented you?
Oh, I'm a fine me. I just
keep getting better every year.
Of course you are,
and that is the you
that deserves to be seen
incorporated.
Everyone in the world
gets their place.
With you?
That's why they call me
Mr World.
And if they don't agree?
I get it.
I do.
You're an individualist.
Rugged individualism.
It simply doesn't work anymore.
Brands. Sure.
A useful heuristic.
But ultimately, everything
is all systems interlaced,
a single product
manufactured by a single company
for a single global market.
Spicy, medium or chunky!
They get a choice, of course.
Of course!
But they are buying salsa.
Show him.
The ODIN
guidance satellite.
To be launched over North Korea
next month.
Just imagine.
Lightning raining down
from the sky
in the form
of precision-guided missiles.
Could you imagine?
24.9 million people.
They will know your name
lickety-kite.
Brand re-branded
and just the start.
No more stolen scraps,
short-changing,
hand-to-mouth, grey hairs.
No more motels and byways.
A place in tomorrow.
Current, lasting.
Valhalla anew.
Doesn't that sound swell?
An oyster.
Inside every pearl, there's
a single irritating grain of sand.
That's me.
Otherwise, you wouldn't be here.
Just like an oyster,
you're trying to cover me up
with something smooth and shiny.
Pretty on a necklace,
but inside the shell,
that slimy thing just wants
that scratchy thing out of there.
You say merger? I hear exile.
It's not our fault
they found other ways
to occupy their time.
That's all you do,
occupy their time.
We gave back.
We gave them meaning.
Then give it to them again.
You're leaving?
On a good line.
It was a good line.
He's here.
You have him.
You're letting him go.
You keep letting him go!
I'm giving him
opportunity to consider.
Why?
You have him.
Get a yes
or kill the goonie cunt.
- Bury him upside-down if you...
- This man...
..is older
than you will ever be.
He has wisdom, has knowledge,
which is different,
as you would know if you had either.
This man deserves our respect.
Fuck respect.
My gift to you.
We'll be telling
this story, Shadow.
You can tell it however
you like or don't like.
I'm not your enemy.
Was this real?
Did that just happen?
It's still happening.
Come on.
What story are they
going to tell here?
Any one they want.
Someone's coming.
Dispatch control.
This is Cassius PD 6651.
Radio check.
Kick it.
There.
♪ Oh-oh-oh
♪ Oh-oh-oh. ♪